hello YouTube once again I have my car
running on vapor here's the newer setup
I've got a little weak on the bottom
side of that which is we can exhaust gas
sure it could run better but I wanted to
get this up here is you see I've got the
exhaust tube and exhaust tooth without a
manifold to feed the vapor through my
lumpy third book in to the heater which
is on
and my sight glass will recur this part
WC 2102 I'm not sure if we're going to
get you don't usually actually see the
vapor
maybe that picked up on camera I wasn't
looking at the screen
but i'm pretty sure that leak is helping
me I can very very slowly get the RPMs
up and another thing I had to do was
this is not a mass airflow sensor forgot
this is a bashed designed air flow meter
a little flapper inside their moves this
across a couple of potentiometers or on
the circuit here and so I had to adjust
the spring wheel here to increase the
spring tension a little bit just for
running off a vapor and I helped a
slight amount
it's running I see the patch a hole some
more fine-tuning
but if he actually accelerates low
enough
I feel I get this thing out on the road
but yep some more fine-tuning you will
be on the streets